Everyone.
Welcome back.
The last time we left the problem, we were here.
You can see the complexity of the solution will be after.
It will be identity.
And how many eyes and how many Jews are.
There are easy questions.
What size and genes equals question period?
I think so it will be.
All Animal aid, if any evidence, I then must either say it is or end into him, which is a fairly
good complexity.
They.
But of course, I can always reduce the space complexity of these solutions of all the new programming
problems.
We can always reduce their face complexity, space, complexities, memory, complexity, the memory
they are taking up or that please, you know, just because they're down in the in the in the other
section, there's a section called Tips and Tricks.
I guess in this section, please see the lecture named Reduce Memory Complexity.
So you can always reduce the memory complexity of this solution.
But there's one thing that I noticed in in spite of here is what is very high constraints, right?
So of course, the memory complexity will reduce, but you can complexity will still be seen eight,
which is 500 and is about four square eight, which is too much.
What I would suggest is I would suggest of not solving this problem on spot but instead move to lead
could like and just solve this problem longest common subsequent from lead code because this is standard
running programming problem.
But even this is a very standard.
I mean, the problems are same, but with the bigger constraints it requires some additional things
which is actually not dynamic programming.
Alright.
So this requires.
Knowledge of some automaton.
And of course, which is not any programming, but I've already made a video on it, but it's not in
discourse.
So just don't solve this problem, but try and solve it on our little code.
And it is.
Yeah.
The land is only 24,000.
2000 will, of course.
Look, and this is a standard unemployment problem rate.
Similarly, I just say that if you're trying the longest common substring problem, you can try it yourself.
It's a very easy problem.
I try to just leave it up to you or not explain this, but please again, don't try it spot because
you'll try the longest common substring problem you'll find with the code on spot.
The test cases are very cute, right?
So with this constraint, the dynamic programming solution will not work for the longest comments.
Because again, the longest comments of things dynamic programming solution is off and interim.
Or we can say of of and square.
But here we can see and is still huge.
We just went to ten is about five eight.
So of course it will not work.
So in this case, again, these are specific data structure which is required, which is called.
Automata or.
Suffix automata or end suffix eddies affixes.
All of the.
All of them can work in this case because the constraints are very high.
But this problem can also be solved using dynamic programming with lower constraints.
If they're constrained this thousand or 2000, basically Orphan Square solution would work with dynamic
programming.
Oh, yeah.
Do not try this problem over here as well.
And if you are very excited or interesting, then of course you can read about automata suffix any subject
for you.
Then how do they work and or check out according to the programming course.
And similarly for Hong Kong and subsequent write on legal rate and the relation is very easy, very
small.
So I'm not pointing it out.
I'll just leave it up to you to quote it.
In the next part.